# SNHU-CS370

  For this project, I created an intelligent agent for a game. The agent was a private in this case, who had to navigate a grid-like environment. The environment had multiple obstacles that created a bit of a challenge factor. I was given the PY files that included the environment and also the file that would hold the data learned in the training. 
  Computer scientists can do so many things. They are able to develop code that makes a difference in a program. The program ranges from something simple to something life-changing. A computer scientist also has a broad understanding of everything that goes into the technology being used. Though the coding aspect is important there is so much more. Being able to communicate with the whole team to make things as perfect as they can be is another. For instance, if the developer doesn't communicate with the tester, how would they know what area of the code may need to be debugged?
  Personally, as a computer scientist, I would start by analyzing the problem. After analyzing, I would determine what the client wants and needs to solve the problem. Once I have a plan for what needs to be done, I will break it down into manageable segments. Working one by one on these segments of the problem, I would test them as I went. This would allow me to solve the problem accurately and save time in the long run. It will also allow me to show the client updates as I go.
    One of the biggest ethical responsibilities is the security of private information for both the end user and the organization. Another would be the overall accuracy of what the end user and organization receive. Whether it is information that is physically entered, read into a program, or trained, the information must always be accurate and must be attended to if it needs to be fixed.
